# Sitecore Mentoring Guild
This repository will provide links to resources to help others on their Sitrecore journey.

## Folder Structure

Any applications, components or Powershell scripts should be referenced in the Wiki so they are more easily found.
If external documentation exists please link to it rather than adding it here. This will help keep content fresh.

1. Apps: This folder stores the source code for any applications or components each in their own folder beneath.
2. Builds: This folder will store builds or installs for applications or components each in their own folder.
3. Documentation: This folder will store any binary documentation that would not make sense in the Wiki.  For example pdf, doc, images, etc.
4. Powershell: This folder will store powershell snippets, libraries, etc to help others with Powershell. 
5. SQLServer: This folder will store SQL Server snippets, to help others with SQL Server stored procs, table generation etc.

Any code, installs, documentation provided here will be treated as free to share by anyone.  Please do not put anything here that cannot be shared or is under NDA.
Let's continue to learn more about Sitecore together.

NOTE: Some of these files will be generated from other sources. These items will be tagged at the top as follows:

    ---------- (AUTOGENERATED FROM REPUTATION ENGINE) ----------

If items are tagged with this please look for another file in the folder that will start with COMGEN_ these files can be edited and the contents will be merged back into the Reputation Engine for processing.
